Asia Stocks Decline Led by Hong Kong, Dollar Gains: Markets Wrap
https://bloomberg.com/markets

Venezuela Boosts Minimum Wage by 43% to Quell Growing Protests
https://bloomberg.com/politics

Apple to Pull Blood-Oxygen Tool From Watches to Avoid US Ban If Appeal Fails
https://bloomberg.com/technology

Davos Elite Size Up the Global Risks of Another Trump Presidency
https://bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-01-15/davos-2024-al-gore-blackrock-ecb-s-lagarde-size-up-trump-win-in-iowa?srnd=premium

Whale-Watching Is a Market Survival Strategy
https://bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2024-01-16/asset-management-whale-watching-is-a-market-survival-strategy?srnd=premium

The UK Makes Investing in Its Own Markets Too Expensive
https://bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2024-01-16/personal-wealth-the-uk-makes-investing-in-its-own-markets-too-expensive?srnd=premium

Private Equity’s Software Battles Offer Lessons in M&A Tactics
https://bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2024-01-16/private-equity-bain-s-software-fails-offer-lessons-in-m-a-tactics?srnd=premium

India’s Markets Are Turning Into an Inexorable Force
https://bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2024-01-15/india-s-stock-and-bond-markets-are-an-inexorable-force?srnd=premium

The Luxury Slump Is Keeping Burberry in Check
https://bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2024-01-16/burberry-profit-warning-luxury-slump-is-keeping-british-brand-in-check?srnd=premium

Hong Kong’s Biggest Landlord Isn’t So Rich
https://bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2024-01-15/hong-kong-s-biggest-landlord-isn-t-so-rich?srnd=premium

Whale-Watching Is a Market Survival Strategy
https://bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2024-01-16/asset-management-whale-watching-is-a-market-survival-strategy?srnd=premium

The UK Makes Investing in Its Own Markets Too Expensive
https://bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2024-01-16/personal-wealth-the-uk-makes-investing-in-its-own-markets-too-expensive?srnd=premium

Private Equity’s Software Battles Offer Lessons in M&A Tactics
https://bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2024-01-16/private-equity-bain-s-software-fails-offer-lessons-in-m-a-tactics?srnd=premium

India’s Markets Are Turning Into an Inexorable Force
https://bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2024-01-15/india-s-stock-and-bond-markets-are-an-inexorable-force?srnd=premium

The Luxury Slump Is Keeping Burberry in Check
https://bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2024-01-16/burberry-profit-warning-luxury-slump-is-keeping-british-brand-in-check?srnd=premium

Hong Kong’s Biggest Landlord Isn’t So Rich
https://bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2024-01-15/hong-kong-s-biggest-landlord-isn-t-so-rich?srnd=premium

‘Succession’ Sweeps the Emmys as HBO Once Again Reigns Supreme
https://bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-01-16/-succession-sweeps-the-emmys-as-hbo-once-again-reigns-supreme?srnd=premium

Musk Wants Greater Control of Tesla Before Building Its AI
https://bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-01-15/elon-musk-wants-greater-control-of-tesla-before-building-its-ai?srnd=premium

AI Can Convincingly Mimic A Person's Handwriting Style, Researchers Say
https://bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-01-15/after-voice-clones-and-deepfake-videos-ai-can-now-mimic-handwriting?srnd=premium

China Keeps Weighing on World in View of Economists at Davos
https://bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-01-15/davos-2024-china-keeps-weighing-on-world-in-view-of-economists?srnd=premium

Al Gore Warns Countries Trying to Walk Back COP28 Fossil Fuel Pledge
https://bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-01-15/davos-latest-al-gore-says-nations-backtracking-on-cop28-deal?srnd=premium

Turkey Skips Davos Over Forum Organizer Stance on Israel War
https://bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-01-15/davos-2024-turkey-skips-davos-over-world-economic-forum-stance-on-hamas-war?srnd=premium

Ukraine Peace Plan Talks in Davos End With No Clear Path Forward
https://bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-01-14/davos-2024-ukraine-holds-peace-blueprint-talks-with-allies-global-south?srnd=premium

