S&P 500 futures are little changed as investors prepare for Big Tech earnings
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/stock-market-today-live-updates.html

Pro: Apple preview
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/apple-analysts-are-starting-to-get-a-bit-worried-ahead-of-earnings-this-week.html

Ukraine war
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/russia-ukraine-live-updates.html

Middle East crisis
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/lawmakers-demanding-biden-strike-iran-after-us-troop-deaths-in-jordan-.html

New NYSE bet
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/fanduel-parent-flutter-lists-on-the-nyse.html

iRobot layoffs
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/amazon-terminates-irobot-deal-vacuum-maker-to-lay-off-31percent-of-staff.html

World’s largest cruise ship
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/icon-of-the-seas-worlds-largest-cruise-ship-sets-sail-from-miami.html

Gen Z better off?
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/27/gen-z-vs-their-parents-how-the-generations-stack-up-financially.html

S&P 500 futures are little changed as investors prepare for Big Tech earnings
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/stock-market-today-live-updates.html

Busy Fed week, tech earnings could dictate the course of this rally, Fundstrat’s Tom Lee says
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/busy-fed-week-tech-earnings-could-dictate-the-course-of-this-rally-fundstrats-tom-lee-says.html

Sen. Elizabeth Warren pushes Fed Chair Powell to cut ‘astronomical’ rates, ease housing pressure
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/warren-pushes-fed-chair-powell-to-cut-rates-ease-housing-pressure-.html

Saudi Aramco halts plans to increase maximum oil production capacity
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/saudi-arabias-aramco-halts-plans-to-increase-maximum-crude-production-capacity.html

Former Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan gets 10-year jail term
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/former-pakistan-prime-minister-imran-khan-gets-10-year-jail-term.html

Renault shares jump after scrapping plans to list Ampere EV unit
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/renault-shares-jump-5percent-after-scrapping-plans-to-list-ampere-ev-unit.html

Drone warfare intensifies as Moscow and Kyiv report attacks; Chinese and Ukrainian officials meet
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/ukraine-war-live-updates-latest-news-on-russia-and-the-war-in-ukraine.html

CNBC Daily Open: Fed rate cut timing in focus
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/cnbc-daily-open-fed-rate-cut-timing-in-focus.html

Saudi Arabia’s Aramco halts plans to increase maximum oil production capacity
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/saudi-arabias-aramco-halts-plans-to-increase-maximum-crude-production-capacity.html

European markets move higher; euro zone GDP data shows Germany on the brink of recession
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/european-markets-live-updates-stocks-news-data-and-earnings.html

Drone warfare intensifies as Moscow and Kyiv report attacks; Chinese and Ukrainian officials meet
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/ukraine-war-live-updates-latest-news-on-russia-and-the-war-in-ukraine.html

Want to invest in China’s booming EV market? These ETFs could offer a good way in
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/want-to-invest-in-chinas-booming-ev-market-these-etfs-could-offer-a-good-way-in.html

General Motors is set to report earnings before the bell. Here’s what Wall Street expects
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/general-motors-gm-earnings-q4-2023.html

Elon Musk’s Neuralink implants brain tech in human patient for the first time
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/elon-musks-neuralink-implants-brain-tech-in-human-patient-for-the-first-time.html

Gerstner: Meta is better positioned than the rest of the ‘Magnificent Seven’ this earnings season
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/gerstner-says-meta-is-better-positioned-than-other-magnificent-7-this-season.html

Former Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan gets 10-year jail term
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/former-pakistan-prime-minister-imran-khan-gets-10-year-jail-term.html

Analysts are so bullish on this global chip stock they keep naming it as their top pick
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/analysts-keep-naming-this-chip-stock-as-a-top-pick.html

‘Biggest, baddest ship on the planet’: World’s largest cruise ship stokes environmental concerns
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/icon-of-the-seas-worlds-largest-cruise-ship-sets-sail-from-miami.html

The 15 most expensive U.S. neighborhoods per square foot—No. 1 is 2,000% higher than average
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/most-expensive-us-neighborhoods-based-on-cost-per-square-foot.html

India set to be world’s third largest economy by 2027, finance ministry says
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/india-set-to-be-worlds-third-largest-economy-in-2027-finance-ministry.html

Boeing’s reputation takes a hit after 737 Max 9 fallout, survey shows
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/boeings-reputation-is-taking-a-hit-survey-shows.html

Race for China’s EV market could last 3 years, BYD says, claiming it wants to work with Tesla
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/race-for-chinas-ev-market-could-last-3-years-byd-says-claiming-it-wants-to-work-with-tesla.html

How ‘quiet luxury’ is subtly taking over investor portfolios
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/how-quiet-luxury-is-subtly-taking-over-investor-portfolios-.html

DOJ and SEC unveil charges in $1.9 billion HyperFund cryptocurrency fraud
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/doj-and-sec-unveil-charges-in-1point9-billion-cryptocurrency-fraud-scheme.html

Earnings season is like ‘March Madness’ for options traders. Here are some basic strategies
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/here-are-some-basic-options-strategies-heading-into-busy-earnings-week.html

Activist investors in Gildan Activewear will have chance to bring back fired CEO at special meeting
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/gildan-shareholder-meeting-called-as-activists-push-for-ceo-return.html

Alibaba-backed Xreal, rival to Apple’s Vision Pro, claims it’s now an AR glasses unicorn
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/alibaba-backed-xreal-claims-its-an-ar-glasses-unicorn-.html

FanDuel parent Flutter lists on the NYSE, challenging DraftKings as sports-betting pure play
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/fanduel-parent-flutter-lists-on-the-nyse.html

Hong Kong leaders start legislative push to tighten national security laws
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/hong-kong-leaders-start-legislative-push-to-tighten-national-security-laws.html

Busy Fed week, tech earnings could dictate the course of this rally, Fundstrat’s Tom Lee says
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/busy-fed-week-tech-earnings-could-dictate-the-course-of-this-rally-fundstrats-tom-lee-says.html

S&P 500 futures are little changed as investors prepare for Big Tech earnings: Live updates
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/stock-market-today-live-updates.html

Stocks making the biggest moves after hours: Whirlpool, F5, Cleveland-Cliffs and more
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/stocks-making-the-biggest-moves-after-hours-whr-ffiv-clf-and-more.html

Bitcoin bounces above $43,000, turns positive for 2024
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/bitcoin-bounces-above-43000-turns-positive-for-2024.html

I’ve spent 20 years studying how to raise successful kids—the most ‘overlooked’ skill parents should teach
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/28/i-spent-20-years-studying-how-to-raise-successful-kids-heres-the-skill-all-parents-should-teach.html

One of 2024′s ‘best jobs’ can pay over $200,000 and let you work remotely without a degree
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/loan-office-earn-over-200000-dollars-without-a-degree.html

Former Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan gets 10-year jail term
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/former-pakistan-prime-minister-imran-khan-gets-10-year-jail-term.html

This city has the worst traffic in the U.S.—and it’s not Los Angeles
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/nyc-chicago-san-francisco-10-us-cities-with-the-worst-traffic.html

The 15 most expensive U.S. neighborhoods per square foot—No. 1 is 2,000% higher than average
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/most-expensive-us-neighborhoods-based-on-cost-per-square-foot.html

Analysts are so bullish on this global chip stock they keep naming it as their top pick
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/analysts-keep-naming-this-chip-stock-as-a-top-pick.html

Want to invest in China’s booming EV market? These ETFs could offer a good way in
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/want-to-invest-in-chinas-booming-ev-market-these-etfs-could-offer-a-good-way-in.html

Gerstner: Meta is better positioned than the rest of the ‘Magnificent Seven’ this earnings season
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/gerstner-says-meta-is-better-positioned-than-other-magnificent-7-this-season.html

This little-known genome editing stock is poised to surge more than 60%, JPMorgan says
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/this-genome-editing-stock-could-surge-more-than-60percent-jpmorgan-says.html

How to get the biggest bang for your buck while investing in dividend-paying stocks
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/how-to-get-the-biggest-bang-for-your-buck-while-investing-in-dividend-paying-stocks.html

BlackRock upgrades U.S. stocks to overweight, sees momentum carry on for the next 6 to 12 months
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/blackrock-upgrades-us-stocks-to-overweight-sees-momentum-carry-on-for-the-next-6-to-12-months.html

This ETF tracking European stocks like LVMH gives U.S. traders access to a global comeback story
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/this-etf-tracking-european-stocks-like-lvmh-gives-us-traders-access-to-a-global-comeback-story.html

The stock market rally is showing signs of exhaustion, according to multiple chart analysts
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/the-stock-market-rally-is-showing-signs-of-exhaustion-according-to-multiple-chart-analysts.html

‘Biggest, baddest ship on the planet’: World’s largest cruise ship stokes environmental concerns
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/icon-of-the-seas-worlds-largest-cruise-ship-sets-sail-from-miami.html

Norway defends deep-sea mining, says it may help to break China and Russia’s rare earths stronghold
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/norway-defends-deep-sea-mining-as-a-necessary-step-into-the-unknown.html

Archaic systems in Europe are hurting its climate ambitions, top business leaders say
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/26/ceos-bemoan-archaic-systems-in-europe-that-curb-climate-solutions.html

Will leaders stay focused on the green agenda? Watch CNBC’s Sustainable Future Forum from Davos
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/25/cnbcs-sustainable-future-forum-at-davos-2024-watch-the-recap.html

GM, Honda begin U.S. fuel cell production in step toward replacing diesel
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/25/gm-honda-begin-us-fuel-cell-production.html

Tesla shares drop 6% on weak auto revenue, warning of slower growth in 2024
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/24/tesla-tsla-earnings-q4-2023.html

Emergency declared in San Diego as wettest January day on record brings widespread flooding
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/23/emergency-declared-in-san-diego-as-wettest-january-day-on-record-brings-widespread-flooding.html

U.S. oil giant Exxon Mobil sues activist investors to prevent climate proposals
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/22/oil-exxon-mobil-sues-activist-investors-to-stop-shareholder-proposals.html

General Motors is set to report earnings before the bell. Here’s what Wall Street expects
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/general-motors-gm-earnings-q4-2023.html

Retail return fraud is rising as consumers send back purchases in droves
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/retail-return-fraud-is-rising-as-key-holiday-deadline-approaches.html

FanDuel parent Flutter lists on the NYSE, challenging DraftKings as sports-betting pure play
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/fanduel-parent-flutter-lists-on-the-nyse.html

Starbucks olive oil-infused Oleato drinks to launch across the U.S.
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/starbucks-oleato-olive-oil-drinks-launch-across-the-us.html

Big pharma is at a crossroads, as Merck, J&J, others prepare to lose revenue from blockbuster drugs
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/28/big-pharma-merck-bristol-myers-jj-prepare-to-lose-revenue.html

Saturday morning cartoons, streaming anytime: Why kids content is vital to subscriber growth
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/27/kids-streaming-content-vital-to-subscriber-growth.html

WWE founder Vince McMahon resigns from TKO Group after being accused of sexual assault, trafficking
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/26/wwe-founder-vince-mcmahon-resigns-from-tko-group-after-being-accused-of-sexual-assault-and-trafficking-in-new-lawsuit.html

A handful of space companies are running out of cash and time. Here are three at risk
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/27/three-space-companies-at-risk-of-running-out-of-cash.html

Amazon terminates iRobot deal, Roomba maker to lay off 31% of staff
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/amazon-terminates-irobot-deal-vacuum-maker-to-lay-off-31percent-of-staff.html

Alibaba-backed Xreal, rival to Apple’s Vision Pro, claims it’s now an AR glasses unicorn
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/alibaba-backed-xreal-claims-its-an-ar-glasses-unicorn-.html

Elon Musk’s Neuralink implants brain tech in human patient for the first time
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/elon-musks-neuralink-implants-brain-tech-in-human-patient-for-the-first-time.html

OpenAI is working on AI education and safety initiative with Common Sense Media
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/openai-is-working-on-ai-education-safety-initiative-with-common-sense.html

Reed Hastings sells $1.1 billion in Netflix shares
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/reed-hastings-sells-1point1-billion-in-netflix-shares.html

Bitcoin bounces above $43,000, turns positive for 2024
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/bitcoin-bounces-above-43000-turns-positive-for-2024.html

Activists are eyeing tech stocks ahead of expected M&A rebound after two-year lull
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/activists-eyeing-tech-stocks-ahead-of-expected-ma-rebound-after-lull.html

Sony is making a bold bet on an African gaming startup to boost PlayStation’s reach in the continent
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/playstation-maker-sony-invests-in-african-gaming-startup-carry1st-.html

Former Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan gets 10-year jail term
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/former-pakistan-prime-minister-imran-khan-gets-10-year-jail-term.html

Drone warfare intensifies as Moscow and Kyiv report attacks; Chinese and Ukrainian officials meet
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/30/ukraine-war-live-updates-latest-news-on-russia-and-the-war-in-ukraine.html

DOJ and SEC unveil charges in $1.9 billion HyperFund cryptocurrency fraud
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/doj-and-sec-unveil-charges-in-1point9-billion-cryptocurrency-fraud-scheme.html

Trump attempts to take credit for stock market record highs under Biden
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/trump-attempts-to-take-credit-for-stock-market-record-highs-under-biden.html

Sen. Elizabeth Warren pushes Fed Chair Powell to cut ‘astronomical’ rates, ease housing pressure
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/warren-pushes-fed-chair-powell-to-cut-rates-ease-housing-pressure-.html

Haley hits Trump on tariffs ahead of her Wall Street fundraisers
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/haley-hits-trump-on-tariffs-ahead-of-her-wall-street-fundraisers.html

Trump lashes out at financial monitor in business fraud case after she reports errors
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/trump-attacks-monitor-in-business-fraud-case-after-she-reports-errors.html

Hungary accuses EU of blackmail over Ukraine aid standoff
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/hungary-accuses-eu-of-blackmail-over-ukraine-aid-stand-off.html

Workers are sour on the job market — but it may not be warranted
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/workers-are-sour-on-the-job-market-but-it-may-not-be-warranted.html

Tax season kicks off. How to get a faster refund and avoid ‘self-inflicted mistakes,’ expert says
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/heres-how-to-get-a-faster-tax-refund-expert-says.html

Forget a soft landing, there may be ‘no landing,’ economist says. Here’s what that means for you
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/soft-landing-or-no-landing-economists-weigh-in-ahead-of-fed.html

Having too many options can paralyze investors. Here’s how you can overcome ‘choice overload’
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/what-choice-overload-is-and-why-it-can-paralyze-investors.html

‘I don’t want to spend’: How a TikTok comedian’s call for ‘loud budgeting’ can help your wallet
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/how-a-tiktok-comedians-call-for-loud-budgeting-can-help-your-wallet.html

Tax filing season is here. What you need to know about itemizing, refunds and paying your bill
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/what-taxpayers-need-to-know-as-the-tax-filing-season-starts.html

Workers are paying to get part of their wages early. It’s ‘payday lending on steroids,’ expert says
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/28/why-one-expert-called-earned-wage-access-payday-lending-on-steroids.html

Gen Zers are better off than their parents were 30 years ago, but fewer are financially independent
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/27/gen-z-vs-their-parents-how-the-generations-stack-up-financially.html

This city has the worst traffic in the U.S.—and it’s not Los Angeles
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/nyc-chicago-san-francisco-10-us-cities-with-the-worst-traffic.html

Ignore this ‘blanket rule’ most parents use, says psychologist: It’s ‘more destructive than helpful’
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/psychologist-ignore-this-child-screen-time-rule-most-parents-use.html

Having the courage to be disliked is the key to happiness, says Japanese best-selling book—here’s why
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/having-the-courage-to-be-disliked-is-the-key-to-happinessheres-why.html

The ultimate guide to acing your interview and landing your dream job in 2024
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/10/the-ultimate-guide-to-acing-your-interview-and-landing-your-dream-job-in-2024.html

Harvard negotiation expert: Use these 5 ‘core concerns’ to get the raise or promotion you want
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/use-these-5-core-concerns-to-get-the-raise-or-promotion-you-want.html

When it comes to cover letters, ‘less is more,’ says ex-Disney recruiter
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/29/less-is-more-on-cover-letters-says-ex-disney-recruiter.html

